Room: Hands on Geolocation



[Task 1] Getting Started!

Read the text!




[Task 2] Task 1

Simply drag and drop the image to any web browser and it will give out the result

Ques 1. Can you name this famous coffee shop?
Ans: Bel Ray

Ques 2. How about the country where this is situated?
Ans: Greece




[Task 3] Task 2

Download the image and rotate it 180* and then flip it horizontally. You will get an image

Ques 1. What is this image of?
Ans: Waterfall

Ques 2. How long is it? (in meters)
Ans: 82

Ques 3. Where is this located?
Ans. Misiones Province, Argentina

Ques 4. What is the official name of this structure?
Ans. Iguazu Falls




[Task 4] Start visiting places

Understand how to collect hints from any image and use those to gather information




[Task 5] Task 3

The image does not give out any relevent information on just simply uploading on the browser. Now taking the hints from
the image:
* Name of the shop: Peter Vreni SCHUHMODE

When we search for this name, we see a footwear store. Upon further investigation through google maps we can get the answers

Ques 1. Can you name the country where this shop is?
Ans. Switzerland

Ques 2. How about the street? (with number)
Ans. Langstrasse 225

Ques 3. What does this shop sell?
Ans. Footwear

Ques 4. Can you spot a supermarket near this store?
Ans. Denner Express




[Task 6] Task 4

This image will also be not reversed searched by browser. Nothing is there that we can even deduct from the photo.
The hint tells us to look the banner. We find a phone number for some brand. Googling the phone number we get a store's
information. Then after further inspection we get the answers to our questions.

Ques 1. Can you name the grocery store?
Ans. Mugen Foods

Ques 2. What is the pin code of the place?
Ans. 485-0048

Ques 3. What about the city?
Ans. Komaki

Ques 4. What is the capital of this host country?
Ans: Tokyo

Qued 5. Finally what is the country's dialing code?
Ans. +81




[Task 7] Conclusion

That's all for the room! Hope you enjoyed!
